# Fraud Detection System

## Project Overview
This project implements a fraud detection system using machine learning. The system is designed to automatically detect fraudulent activities in financial transactions and is capable of adapting to new patterns through regular retraining.

## Repository Structure
- `/data`: Contains the original dataset and scripts for data simulation.
- `/model`: Scripts for training and evaluating the model.
- `/api`: Flask application for serving the model via a RESTful API.
- `/mlflow`: Integration of MLflow for tracking and monitoring.
- `/.github/workflows`: GitHub Actions workflow for automated model retraining and deployment.
- `/scripts`: Scripts for data drift detection and monitoring.
- `/docs`: Documentation related to the project.
- `/reports`: Reports generated by the system.
- `/tests`: Unit and integration tests for the project.
- `/utils`: Helper functions and utilities.

## Setup and Installation
1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/mohamadsolouki/MLOps
   ```
2. Install required packages:
   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

## Running the Application
1. To run the Flask API:
   ```
   python /api/app.py
   ```
2. To train the model:
   ```
   python /model/train_model.py
   ```

## Contributing
Contributions to this project are welcome. Please ensure to follow the coding standards and write tests for new features.

## License
This project is licensed under the terms of the MIT license.

## Contact
Mohamad Solouki - mohamad.solouki@gmail.com
```
